# Meeting Log
**Date:** Mar 20, 4:45pm

**Purpose:** Project Overview and Planning

**Attendance:** Sam, Blair, Jason, Conner

## Outline
* Address questions on SRS document
* Solidify rolees for SRS document completion
* Look ahead at future work

## Summary
This was a brief meeting to follow up on the previous 3-6 meeting from before the break, simply to make sure we are on track to complete the SRS document by the deadline. We discussed who would be doing what and if anyone needed additional information to complete their parts. The roles for the document are as follows:

- Section 1, Introduction: Team Administrators (Jason and Roop)
- Section 2, Overall Description: Team Leaders (Sam and Blair)
- Section 3, Specific Requirements: Technical and Quality Leads (Justin and Conner)
- Section 4, Requirement Classification: Technical and Quality Leads (Justin and Conner), with help from Team Administrators (Roop)
- Section 5, Appendices: Filled out as needed

All team members will provide additional assistance where needed.

Additional information of note:
* Many but not all of the Specific Requirements and their subsequent classification will come primarily from the product description, as well as section 2 of the SRS document
* Requirement Classification will be subject to change as the product progresses
* If any questions arise, check first with section partner then with either Team Leader if problem persists
* We will also be beginning work on program outlines and mockups within the coming days. More information on this will be addressed early next week

## Important Dates
* March 24- SRS Deadline

## Next Meeting
TBD

If more information on the next project section is made available, there will be a meeting next week. Otherwise, information will be released via internal communication on what to do next.
